hi it's captain Roy making a juice in
Belgium in Belgium at the moment which
is a little country somewhere Germany's
to the right tolerance to the right
England's to the left anyway lots of
places nearby but anyway we're making a
juice and I hardly got started without
filming and then I stopped and I thought
no I want everyone to see what I'm
putting in and that's fennel this is
called the Nathan juice captain raw
juice I've already done some fennel
already and it's very nice so let's get
started
I'm gonna peel this back room
boy baby
delicious is one
war
I've learned the faculty right
from Chile
go ahead
nothing
and one grave left over and trusting our
beautiful these scrapes I haven't done
the juicing video ever before I really
playing their door but I have no I'm so
you start with a knife the best way and
I reckon it's going to be pretty bitter
because of the grapefruit oh Jesus I
mean holy jesus thank you very much
that's it's not very nice part
I was good already and sometimes I just
rinse the glass out like this it was
nice two scallop i'm going to say from
his nice to skull but anyway it's
captain raw you saw how to make a juice
and if that doesn't get you fit like
this I don't know what will but don't
look at the ABS at the moment all right
have a good one captain Roy